Respect the rule for accounting after the merging. (#7509)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :bug:`7488` Show tags in multi-lines when multiple to avoid horizontal scroll.
* :bug:`7497` In ETH staking view execution rewards should now be counted properly. MEV reward and block reward should not both be counted if recipient is not tracked.

> * :bug:`-` ETH staking events will respect the accounting setting for events taxable after the merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`-` ETH withdrawal events should now be taxable again if the setting for their treatment after withdrawals enabled is on (which is by default).
```
